hi this is fresh talker in this video
I'm going to explain why I could guess
the card you were staring at we start
out with the set of five cards you start
out at the number one and that really
doesn't matter you could actually start
at any card in the trick when you go
through these moves it actually doesn't
matter which way you move which day of
the month it is the move which really
matters is the second and last move that
on an odd card you need to move three
times and on an even card you need to
move four times the reason is that if
you're on an odd card you're going to
end up on an even card and if you're on
an even card you stay on an even card so
if you're on an odd card one you can end
up at the cards two or four if you're at
three you'll end up at two or four and
if you're at five you'll end up at two
or four similarly on an even card you
will either end up from two you'll end
up at two or four or from four you'll
end up at two or four and the reason is
an odd number plus an odd number is an
even number and similarly an even number
plus an even number is an even number so
after this step I can be completely
certain that you are either at the cards
two or four the final move is just to
move left two times and if you're on the
number two you're going to move to one
and then back to two and if you're at
four you get to two so with certainty I
can say you're at the cart too and
that's how the trick works
I hope you enjoyed this video please
subscribe to my channel you can catch me
on my vlog mind your decisions on
Twitter at pressure Locker or again my
ebooks at Amazon